docs(apple): Remove CocoaPods as supported install method (#18600)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/common/install/cocoapods.mdx

---
title: CocoaPods (No Longer Supported)
description: "CocoaPods is no longer a supported installation method for the Sentry Apple SDK."
sidebar_order: 2000
---

<Alert level="warning" title="No Longer Supported">

> We no longer publish to CocoaPods. Please migrate to <PlatformLink to="/install/swift-package-manager/">Swift Package Manager (SPM)</PlatformLink> or manually install the [pre-built XCFramework from GitHub releases](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases). All versions published before July 2026 remain available on CocoaPods.

Author: ```suggestion
We no longer publish to CocoaPods after [v9.19.1](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases/tag/9.19.1). Please migrate to <PlatformLink to="/install/swift-package-manager/">Swift Package Manager (SPM)</PlatformLink> or manually install the [pre-built XCFramework from GitHub releases](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/releases). All older versions remain available on CocoaPods.
```
